TODO.md, before:

# TODO (don't change this  I'll do it myself)
- when signed in as an admin account the 管理後台 button in the news page just redirects me to the sign in page, fix it to redirect to the correct page when signed in as an admin account
- make the 最新動態 in the home page clickable
- color theme adjustments
<!-- - return about us button uses the old about us page, which leads to 404 error page -->
- add the introduce text correctly

# DO EVERY TIME (DON'T CHANGE)
- check if there are any errors 
- check if the website is ready for deployment (this is the MOST IMPORTANT one)
- check if there are any security issues    

# Future Enhancements (Not Urgent)
- also change the  此登入僅供High School Soap Lab團隊成員使用。 in the login or sign up... pages. all users should have access. I want when they signed up or in their account settings, they will get an option to choose whether they want to recieve emails of our latest news in the account settings they can edit their choice

Commit message:

fixes: contents of about pages

TODO.md, after:

# TODO (don't change this  I'll do it myself)
- when signed in as an admin account the 管理後台 button in the news page just redirects me to the sign in page, fix it to redirect to the correct page when signed in as an admin account
- make the 最新動態 in the home page clickable
- color theme adjustments
- 認識我們的團隊 button goes to /about which is 404 for now
- add the introduce text correctly
- details of contents 不是只回收廢油
- members profile pic + 社區媽媽
- 造貴人地球
- 製作手工皂 推廣
- famliy 社區
- fresh old
- 為什麼這很重要？ 公共衛生 ESG
- 邀約合作
- remove 捐款 志工
- 更生少年 十大傑出 
- 聯絡電話 
- 服務時間 -> 商號


# DO EVERY TIME (DON'T CHANGE)
- check if there are any errors 
- check if the website is ready for deployment (this is the MOST IMPORTANT one)
- check if there are any security issues    

# Future Enhancements (Not Urgent)
- also change the  此登入僅供High School Soap Lab團隊成員使用。 in the login or sign up... pages. all users should have access. I want when they signed up or in their account settings, they will get an option to choose whether they want to recieve emails of our latest news in the account settings they can edit their choice
